$5 Repeatable method (READ CAREFULLY) What you will need: An OldSchool Runescape account. (could use rs3 but this guide is for osrs) A Paypal account(Bitcoin should work too) Pretty much it tbh STEP 1 Go to this link https://goo.gl/iqCpfQ and sign up (it's free & easy). When you're done, go to the login tab and sign in. STEP 2 Click "Free Daily Credits" and it should come up a wheel that you can spin. Spin it and you should get anything from 1-10 credits It's not that much tbh but it's a good start Step 3 Now click the "Earn Credits" tab and start earning credits by doing surveys, downlaoding apps, trials or just watching videos. I, myself hate doing surveys since 75% of the time they don't even work but everyone ive tried on this site has been working, so it shouldn't be a problem. If you don't earn credit just talk to the mods by clicking the green box in the left lower corner and they should help you from there. Here's the prics as of 05/24 2017 on Oldschool Runscape Gold. (1m in OldSchool Runescape is worth about 1 dollar irl.) 120 credits = 1m 599 credits = 5m 1050 credits = 10m 2399 credits = 25m Step 6 When you've earned the credits you want click the "Exchange" tab in the top and you should see 5 products with the Old School Runescape logo on them and the price below. Hover over the highest product you can buy with your credits. and click "Add to cart". Keep hovering over the product and you should see "View Cart", click it and you should get some order info. Now you should find in the right lower corner a green box saying "Dispensing Now! :)" Click it and it should open a chat. Just say that you bought some gold and they should help you from there (tell you which world there on and the location) Step 7 When you got the gold from them in OldSchool Runescape, click this link https://goo.gl/D0EPwV and you will see a forums with people who are willing to buy OldSchool Runescape Gold. Choose the one who is offering the most and check if they're trusted (you can do this by clicking their post and scrolling down you should see "Vouches" or "My Vouches" or something, click it and see if there is positive reviews). Click their post and you should find a way to contact them, but most of the time it's through Skype. So add the person on Skype and say that your'e selling gold. Say where you want to meet the person in game and what world (choose a f2p world andLumbridge is a good place to meet). Tell the person your ingame name and they should trade you pretty quick. From there you should trade them your gold, and then say your Paypal email on Skype and they should send you the money. if this was confussing just tell them that it's your first time selling gold and they should guide you from there but remember Runescape is full of scammers so be careful!