
Android PayPal Method

REQUIREMENTS:
• Android Phone (with some sort of internet connection)
• PayPal


STEP 1:
Using your Android Phone, open up the browser and open this link:
Please ensure you type the URL correctly, it is vital you do this. Yes it is
my referral link but I’ll explain why it’s important you download the app
through the link. If done through my referral, instantly you earn 5555
mCoins.
Along with this, you will earn 25% of whatever I earn daily, which can be
anything around 30,000- 50,000. So you’re guaranteed an extra 10,000
mCoins daily if done through my referral. The key to making money on this
app is working together, it’ll benefit me because I’ll also earn 25% of what you
make and you’ll earn 25% of what I make. It goes hand in hand. The app
should look like a star 

 STEP 2:
Once you have downloaded the app, you need to download another app
from the Play Store. ? No Screen Off – This can be done by a regular search.
Any other application that does the same will do, its purpose is to make
sure the screen does not time out. Please sure you activate it so the phone
does not time out before continuing to step 3. Here’s the one I use it should have a logo with a phone that looks like its on

STEP 3:
Once you’ve downloaded both, go back to AppLike application you
downloaded first and set up your account etc. You’ll need an email,
PayPal email etc to get the ball rolling. It’s a simple setup, shouldn’t be
too hard  Download an application from this page. ?Extremely Many mCoinssf are usually
the best ones
because you earn more from them, but just go with ?hate|er’s available offering the
most.

STEP 4:
Once you’ve downloaded your choice of application/game, return to the
AppLike app and you shall see this page. Tap the triangle shown below
and then let your phone do the farming. The application only needs to be
running for you to be earning, you don’t require any interaction.


The longer the app runs, the more mCoins you earn. These mCoins can
then be cashed in for PayPal money, no bullshitting.
UPSCALING POINTERS:
Okay you’ve set up everything, and you’re earning $2 a night, but why
does the eBook say $5-10 a day? Okay, this is where you need to upscale
and put in a little more effort, but the efforts will pay off!
• The longer you run an application – The time/points ratio
increases, so you may have to run the application for 15 minutes
to earn a certain amount of coins whereas when you first
downloaded the application, you could earn the same amount of
points in 2 minutes. The best thing to do in this situation is
uninstall the application and download a new one from the
homepage. – I tend to do this every morning.
• Referrals – We all dread this bit, but it’s helping everyone make
money and you can be living proof of that. Even referring your
family members works. For every referral you sign up, you earn
250 mCoins, which isn’t much. However the key thing to be noted
is: You will receive 25% of all mCoins your friend earns and
your friend will receive 25% of the mCoins you earn. – That is
what will be the most beneficial to both you, and the person
you have referred.



